Surround yourself with great people; delegate authority; get out of the way. —Ronald Reagan

I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. —Herbert Bayard Swope

Show me the man you honor and I will know what kind of man you are. —Thomas John Carlisle

A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. —J.P. Morgan

If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything. —Tom Rath

Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar. —Orrin Woodward

Don’t blow off another’s candle for it won’t make yours shine brighter. —Jaachynma N.E. Agu

Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision. —Peter F. Drucker

When you put together deep knowledge about a subject that intensely matters to you, charisma happens. You gain courage to share your passion, and when you do that, folks follow. —Jerry Porras

People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. —John Maxwell

A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit. —John Maxwell

I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. —Mother Teresa

Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. —Henry Ford

If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. —Jim Rohn

Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life-think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. —Swami Vivekananda

If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do. —Anonymous

Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. —Winston Churchill

Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. —Napoleon Hill

Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. —Vaibhav Shah

Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. —Albert Einstein

Motivational quote: Get it together!

Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. —Henry David Thoreau

Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. —Eleanor Roosevelt

I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. —Stephen Covey

When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. —Henry Ford

No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. —Eleanor Roosevelt

The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. —Bruce Feirstein

Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. —John D. Rockefeller

If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough. —Albert Einstein

There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. —Ray Goforth

Motivational quote: Ask for what you want

Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. —Robert Collier

The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. —Alice Walker

The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. —Amelia Earhart

It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. —Aristotle Onassis

Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. —Robert Louis Stevenson

Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear — not absence of fear. —Mark Twain

Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. —Pablo Picasso

Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. —Mark Twain

Motivational quote: To escape fear, you have to go through it

Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. —Dalai Lama

The successful warrior is the average man, with laserlike focus. —Bruce Lee

You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something — your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. —Steve Jobs

Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better. —Jim Rohn

The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. —Napoleon Hill

Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. —Thomas A. Edison

What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail? —Robert Schuller

Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. —Abraham Lincoln

Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential. —John Maxwell

Motivational quote: Being normal is not a virtue

You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. —Margaret Thatcher

I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. —Maya Angelou

Much of the stress that people feel doesn’t come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they’ve started. —David Allen

Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it. —Greg Anderson

Success at the highest level comes down to one question: Can you decide that your happiness can come from someone else’s success? —Bill Walton

Do what you have always done and you’ll get what you have always got. —Sue Knight

Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them. —Marcus Aurelius

Happiness is where we find it, but very rarely where we seek it. —J. Petit Senn

Motivational quote: Make a better life from the present

You never regret being kind. —Nicole Shepherd

To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek. —Alan Cohen

Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian. —Shari R. Barr

View your life from your funeral: Looking back at your life experiences, what have you accomplished? What would you have wanted to accomplish but didn’t? What were the happy moments? What were the sad? What would you do again, and what wouldn’t you do? —Victor Frankl

Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time… serenity, that nothing is. —Thomas Szasz

To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. —Eleanor Roosevelt

The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. —William Arthur Ward

It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. —Charles Darwin

Motivational quote: Succeed by trying just one more time

Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. —Robert Louis Stevenson

The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets people to do the greatest things. —Ronald Reagan

I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. —Jimmy Dean

I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear. —Rosa Parks

Victory has a hundred fathers and defeat is an orphan. —John F. Kennedy

Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. —Peter F. Drucker

Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing. —Albert Schweitzer

Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them. —John C. Maxwell

The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones. —Brandon Sanderson

Motivational quote: You don't have to be good at something for it to be good

If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. —Booker T. Washington

You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out. —Steve Jobs

A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. —Albert Einstein

The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. —Ralph Waldo Emerson

We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone. —Ronald Reagan

Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. —George Addair

Being responsible sometimes means pissing people off. —Colin Powell

Change your thoughts and you change your world. —Norman Vincent Peale

How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. —Anne Frank

Motivational quote: Expect great things to happen

Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. —Charles Swindoll

I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself. —Robert E. Lee

Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. —Vince Lombardi

You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. —Nancy D. Solomon

In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. —Max De Pree

Believe you can and you’re halfway there. —Theodore Roosevelt

Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. —Les Brown

If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing. —Brad Szollose

Motivational quote: Just stop

What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. —Plutarch

A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. —George Patton

Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. —William Arthur Ward

Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone. —Gertrude Stein

The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. —John E. Southard

Keep your eyes open and try to catch people in your company doing something right, then praise them for it. —Tom Hopkins

You wouldn’t worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do. —Eleanor Roosevelt

Shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people. —Andre Dubus

Motivational quote: Do or do not. There is no try.

Do or do not. There is no try. —Yoda

Rarely have I seen a situation where doing less than the other guy is a good strategy. —Jimmy Spithill

You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. —Margaret Thatcher

The best revenge is massive success. —Frank Sinatra

The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. —Ayn Rand

The only way to do great work is to love what you do. —Steve Jobs

If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. But do not care to convince him. Men will believe what they see. Let them see. —Henry David Thoreau

Low self-confidence isn’t a life sentence. Self-confidence can be learned, practiced, and mastered-just like any other skill. Once you master it, everything in your life will change for the better. —Barrie Davenport

When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
Paulo Coelho

There are three things you can do with your life: You can waste it, you can spend it, or you can invest it. The best use of your life is to invest it in something that will last longer than your time on Earth.
Rick Warren

"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty."
Famous words of Maya Angelou



You only pass through this life once, you don't come back for an encore.
Elvis Presley



Never rest on your laurels. Nothing wilts faster than a laurel sat upon. Mary Kay 

"Never rest on your laurels. Nothing wilts faster than a laurel sat upon."
Mary Kay



"You could be the world's best garbage man, the world's best model; it don't matter what you do if you're the best."
Muhammad Ali (famous words to encourage you to be the best at whatever you do)



"Peace begins with a smile."
A well known quote by Mother Teresa



In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
 Anne Frank

"In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit."
Anne Frank



I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter.
Elllen DeGeneres



Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.  Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow."
Ralph Waldo Emerson



"Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential."
Anthony Robbins



"Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain."
Awesome quote by Henry Ford



Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms. George Eliot 

"Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms."
George Eliot



"Happiness doesn't come from doing what we like to do but from liking what we have to do."
Wilferd Peterson



What counts can't always be counted; what can be counted doesn't always count.
Albert Einstein Brilliant Words!



You're not defined by your past; you're prepared by it. You're stronger, 
more experienced, and you have greater confidence.  Joel Osteen 

"You're not defined by your past; you're prepared by it. You're stronger, more experienced, and you have greater confidence."
Joel Osteen



"The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil."
Thomas Edison



"The ability to influence people without irritating them is the most profitable skill you can learn."
Napoleon Hill



Ability is of little account without opportunity.
 Lucille Ball 

"Ability is of little account without opportunity."
Lucille Ball



"We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams."
Jimmy Carter



"Now I look beyond what I can't do and focus on what I CAN. "
Robert M. Hensel



It's fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney 

"It's fun to do the impossible."
An excellent quote Walt Disney



"Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort."
John Ruskin



"You put your intention and your attention on what it is that you want to shift and change."
Wayne Dyer



No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else
  Charles Dickens

"No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else."
Well-known words of Charles Dickens



"To reach a port, we must sail - sail, not tie at anchor - sail, not drift."
Famous words of Franklin Roosevelt



Your brain is the most important organ in your body, and what happens in it determines what you think and feel, say and do.
Rick Hanson, Hardwiring Happiness



We tend to get what we expect.  Norman Vincent Peale 

"We tend to get what we expect."
Norman Vincent Peale



Having known both the peaks and the valleys of public life, I have learned that you cannot really appreciate the heights unless you have also experienced the depths.
Richard Nixon



Wilma Rudolph, Helen Keller, Walt Disney, Joan of Arc, Nelson Mandela, and Thomas Edison, to name a few, not only climbed mountains, they exceeded limits and expanded boundaries, setting the tone for those who respect and admire them.
Eric Thomas, Greatness Is Upon You



No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm. Charles Kettering 

"No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm."
Charles Kettering



"Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart."
Seneca



"Bad things are not the worst thing that can happen to us. NOTHING is the worst thing that can happen to us."
Richard Bach



"Happy is the man who can make a living by his hobby."
George Bernard Shaw



Just disconnect. Once in a day sometime, sit silently and from all connections disconnect yourself.
  Yoda

"Just disconnect. Once in a day sometime, sit silently and from all connections disconnect yourself."
Yoda



"Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes, and adversity is not without comforts and hopes."
Francis Bacon



"Enjoy all you have while pursuing all you want."
Jim Rohn (famous words we all need to heed)



When you are through changing, you are through.  Bruce Barton 

"When you are through changing, you are through."
Bruce Barton



"Experience has been a stern but excellent teacher."
Og Mandino



"Well done, is better than well said."
A popular quote by Benjamin Franklin



Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life.  Buddha 

"Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life."
Buddha



"Living an experience, a particular fate, is accepting it fully."
Albert Camus



See how many are better off than you are, but consider how many are worse.
Seneca



"You'll be richer in the end than a prince, if you're a friend."
Edgar A. Guest



"It always seems impossible until it's done."
Nelson Mandela



Criticism is easy; achievement is difficult.  Winston Churchill 

"Criticism is easy; achievement is difficult."
Winston Churchill



"A man's true wealth is the good he does in the world."
Kahlil Gibran



"Only a mediocre person is always at his best."
W. Somerset Maugham



"The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate."
Oprah Winfrey



Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
 Les Brown

"Life has no limitations, except the ones you make."
Les Brown



"Football is like life, it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority."
Vince Lombardi



As you know, life is an echo; we get what we give. David DeNotaris

"As you know, life is an echo; we get what we give."
David DeNotaris



"Life is what happens while you are making other plans."
John Lennon



"I believe that nothing in life is unimportant every moment can be a beginning."
John McLeod



I enjoy every day, because I choose to.
  Tony Clark



"Find people who will make you better."
Michelle Obama (and they don't have to be famous people they can be everyday people!)



"I would rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than to have things I am not able to appreciate."
Elbert Hubbard



I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. Thomas Jefferson 




"There are also countless writers, movie directors, and inventors whose ideas that have made them famous got their creative ideas from dreams."
Michelle Hunt, Creativity: Innovation



"As my knowledge of things grew I felt more and more the delight of the world I was in."
Helen Keller


"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter."
Martin Luther King Jr



Benjamin Franklin was a humanitarian that dedicated his life to making contributions to all humans. He had a clear purpose for himself: improve the human race.
Paulo Braga, A Happy Life


"The key to success is to develop a winning edge."
Brian Tracy



You'll never achieve real success unless you like what you're doing. Dale Carnegie 




"Success is a matter of sticking to a set of common sense principles anyone can master."
Earl Nightingale


Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Albert Einstein



Unless you're continually improving your skills, you're quickly becoming irrelevant.
Stephen Covey



The key to success is failure. 
  Michael Jordan 

The key to success is failure.
Michael Jordan



Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Bill Gates



Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
Wayne Gretzky



If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
Ray Kroc



Your attitude is either the lock on or key to your door of success. 
  Denis Waitley 

Your attitude is either the lock on or key to your door of success.
Denis Waitley



The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Bruce Lee



Others don't realize that the real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job; that you can best get to the top by getting to the bottom of things - and then climbing those stairs, one at a time.
Zig Ziglar, See You At The Top




"Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else."
Mark Twain



Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
  Josh Billings

"Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius."
Josh Billings



Use what talent you possess - the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
Henry vanDyke



To die laughing must be the most glorious of all glorious deaths!
Edgar Allan Poe



I'm a slow walker, but I never walk back. Abraham Lincoln 

"I'm a slow walker, but I never walk back. "
Abraham Lincoln



"Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it."
Dwight Eisenhower



As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.  Andrew Carnegie
"As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do."
Andrew Carnegie

"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city."
George Burns

"Friends should be like books, easy to find when you need them, but seldom used."
Ralph Waldo Emerson


"Mom needs to remember that honey catches more flies than vinegar does."
Jacquie McTaggart

Hate the sin, love the sinner.  Gandhi 

"You need a mind open to possibility, conditioned to love the creative spirit we all have inside ourselves."
Yanni

God put you on this earth because He loves you and He has a plan for you.
  Nick Vujicic

"If faith asks, it will receive; if hope seeks, it will find; and if love knocks, the door will be opened to it."
Charles Spurgeon


You have heard the law that says, ‘Love your neighbor’ and hate your enemy. But I say, love your enemies! Pray for those who persecute you!
Jesus, Matthew 5:43-44


If you don't love yourself, you cannot love others. 
 Dalai Lama 

Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.
C. S. Lewis

We should love unquenchably, dream unfalteringly, and work unceasingly.
Max Lucado